like it or not there will come a day
when you pull up a document and think
time to write this for the hundredth
time
unless you have omni the ai tool that
instantly retrieves the most relevant
lines from everything you've ever
written or read
good artists copy great artists steal
the best writers in the world keep track
of every noteworthy idea they consume
when they later sit down to write about
some topic they don't just pull up
google and start searching they find the
existing ideas they wrote down and
combine them in new ways to create
seemingly new content but that process
takes way too much time meet omni the
world's most powerful knowledge
retrieval system omni captures every
idea you've ever written or read and
automatically retrieves the most
relevant ideas as you write in real time
what files can you sync to omni oh
anything you can upload entire google
drive folders or websites
then just start typing anywhere in your
browser and watch as the most relevant
lines from the most relevant files
automatically show up in the omni
sidebar
planning a blog or youtube video about
top 10 finance tips omni instantly
recommends the most relevant passages
from your favorite finance books
scripting a video for your company's new
service every ad copy your team ever
wrote instantly appears before your eyes
writing hiring guidelines for an
engineering position but you missed the
last zoom meeting about this
automatically pull insights from the
meeting transcription without opening a
single new tab or folder
whether you're a researcher or student
finding your sources and citations
becomes as easy as selecting text it's
like having a second brain that
instantly surfaces the knowledge that
you forgot was even there at exactly the
moment you need it or better yet when
you didn't even know you needed it with
omni you'll never have to worry about
managing or trying to find your
knowledge ever again